**Andre Jazz** is a professional ice hockey winger in the Farm Games hockey league. Drafted in 2009, Andre is the latest member of the legendary Farm Games Dynasty, the [Jazz Family](#a). He is the son of Skeleton Type winger [Templar Jazz](#a). Andre has played for the [Calgary Jailbirds](calgary_jailbirds), [Portland Patriots](portland_patriots), [St. John's Mariners](st__john_s_mariners) and currently plays for his hometown with the [New Orleans Braves](#a).

Andre was born in New Orleans, Louisiana in 1991. He learned the ways of the hockey from his father Templar and uncle [Phil Jazz](#a), aka the Brown Bolt aka the Yellow Flash aka the Swamp God. Andre grew up playing at the [Jazz Rink](#a), a special hockey rink built by the people of New Orleans to commemorate the legendary Jazzfather, [Skippy Jazz](#a). He is one of the most popular players in the Farm Games, due in large part to his lineage, although he has more than enough skill to back it up. Andre has been described as a "cum first, ask questions later" type player, sometimes called "Creampie Forwards". Some call him the Molassin Assassin, due to his generally slow speed yet devastating maneuvers. Some have generalized him as a power forward, although Farm Games experts contest that this is too broad a category to put a player such the Molassin Assassin under. Andre is recognized as one of the top forwards in the Farm Games, and is one of the most sought after assets. Until the 2021 offseason, he had only played for Original Six Teams ice hockey teams since being drafted, which made him an "OG Sixxer", but since his trade to New Orleans, that status has been lost.<br />