The **Atlantic Team** was a former ice hockey team that competed in the Farm Games ice hockey league. They entered the league during the Second Farm Games Expansion of 1954, but the organization was forced to move to Flint in 1968 after extended political and business pressure. The current Flint Foxcatchers organization has it's roots in the Atlantic Team, though they try to keep this under wraps through psychological manipulation, historical malpractice and killing whistleblowers with suicide drones.

The original founder of the Atlantic Team is unknown; the push for the team to enter the Farm Games was headed by a mysterious man that many claim used to appear in their dreams as young children, and looked almost exactly like Jon Loeppky of the [Calgary Jailbirds](calgary_jailbirds), despite happening decades prior to his birth. Bruce Denley, son of [Paul Denley](paul_denley), was apparently convinced to enter the Atlantic Team into the Farm Games due to their supposed connections to the Third Reich in Germany during the [World War II](world_war_ii), and that the mysterious Faux Loeppky had suggested the team was "of the blood of Old Atlantis".

The Atlantic Team was formed entirely of completely identical, six-foot-six ubermensch with snow white skin and dead eyes, apparently the results of genetic experiments undertaken by the Nazi's in Antarctica. The Denley Files insist that the Atlantic Team was formed by Adolf Hitler himself, after escaping Germany at the end of the war. There exists archived footage that was included in the film White Out, showing Adolf Hitler being pulled on a dogsled by the Atlantic Team players, supposedly shot on top of the Great Ice Wall. Some have decried the footage, calling it fake, while others have verified it's authenticity. [Flame Crennelchovik](flame_crennelchovik) once got on a boat to try and find the Great Ice Wall, but claims he was stopped by the United Nations when he got too close to Antarctica.

The 1972 film White Out attempted to launder the reputation of the Atlantic Team, when then owner of the Flint Foxcatchers Viktor Von Wolfenstein wished to move the team back to their original home. The attempt failed, but was attempted again in 1984 with the sequel film White Out 2: Saviors.