**Conor "Very Handsome" Rea** is a professional Canadian ice hockey centreman in the Farm Games and captain of the [Portland Patriots](portland_patriots). He is the self-proclaimed "Smartest Man In The World". He is well known for his constant anti-semitic remarks, and playmaking ability. His extremely high IQ, which he claims to be "over 500" allows him to analyze the hockey on a level like none other, to the point many call him "Conor of the Sharingan" due to his clairvoyance. 

Drafted in 2015, Sir Rea was born and raised in [Meaford](#a), Ontario aka the greatest Farm Games town of all time. He learned how to do hockey through intense analysis, like Moneyball, and thusly, despite having never learned to skate, he became a world class ice dog by age 17. In his younger days, he was a member of the [Celestial Dragons](#a) alongside fellow Farm Games warriors [Jacob Sanderson](#a), [Jason Genova](#a), [Sean Thompson](sean_thompson), [Talyn Birch](#a), his evil cousin [Colton Rea](#a) and known gay [Jamie Thompson](jamie_thompson). He was also [goth](#a). 

Conor is the executive producer and head of field for the hit television series [The Hotstove](#a) on The CW, starring [Jason Statham](#a) as Conor Rea and [George Lopez](#a) as Sean Thompson, among a myriad of other real life stars such as [Trey Phillips](#a) (played by [Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson](#a)), Jacob Sanderson (played by ["Stone Cold" Steve Austin](#a)) and Jason Genova (played by [Luis Guzman](#a)). Rea and Thompson have been embroiled in controversy for years, as they have stopped producing The Hotstove and refuse to comment on it's status.<blockquote>[Mankel McMank](#a) (Farm Games reporter): Mr. Rea your game has been impeccable these past few nights you have been cumming and making cums left and right, what is the secret formula to your success on ice?</blockquote><blockquote>Rea: It's because I am the smartest man in the world.</blockquote><blockquote>McMank: Of course! What are your priorities as captain of this storied franchise, bird champions Portland Patriots?</blockquote><blockquote>Rea: Well for one thing I really plan on sticking to the teams roots; racism. I'm in the locker room screaming at guys and giving them purple nurples, but not everything is up to me, sometimes you have to look to the higher ups. That's all I'll say.</blockquote><blockquote>McMank: Great to hear, everybody loves the Patriots good, rude, and racist! Diverting from the "Hockey" side of things to the "Money" side of things, many have been wondering when the hit show The Hotstove will return to the airwaves, do you have any updates on that?</blockquote><blockquote>Rea looks off-camera at his lawyers like in that Jeff Epstein interrogation video</blockquote><blockquote>Rea: What the fuck is this? Who is this fucking guy?</blockquote><blockquote>McMank: The people deserve to know about Hotstove!</blockquote><blockquote>Rea: We're done here. That's it. You're through working in this town, buddy. You're toast.</blockquote>Rea is distinguished member of the 1st Line on the Portland Patriots, called the Council of Doom, alongside Jason Genova and Trey Phillip. They are well renowned as one of the most deadly lines in the Farm Games, due to their chemistry thanks to "telekinesis" (a claim made by Genova, not backed up by Phillip nor Rea). Rea's kekkei genkai play style allows him to make top of the line plays and passes, paired with Phillips' nothing held back [Void style](#a) and penis pressure in the netfront and Genova's [Sniper: Phoenix Style](#a), the line becomes and indomitable fortress of pump and dumping in their opponents danger zones.

Rea is also the creator of [Dinoman](#a), a comic book series which he also refuses to reprint or continue. He has threatened people using feral hounds when pressured about it.