The **Hamilton Hounds** are a professional ice hockey team in the Farm Games. They are a part of the [First Farm Games Expansion](first_farm_games_expansion) of 1937. The team was founded by steel manufacturing tycoon [Stig Hudson](#a), who demolished a ghetto in order to build a state of the art arena, [The Dogville Arena](#a). As the second Ontarian team in the Farm Games, the Hounds found themselves as the underdogs in the natural geographical rivalry with the [Newmarket Roadrunners](newmarket_roadrunners). 

During the [Golden Age](#a), the Roadrunners were a highly lauded organization, while the Hounds suffered in mediocrity for years under the ownership of Hudson, who used the team primarily as a front for more illicit activities. The team made their first [Denley Cup](denley_cup) final appearance in 1962, where they lost in five games to the [Calgary Jailbirds](calgary_jailbirds). Despite having classic players such as [Mark Chenlin](#a) and [Paul Morel](#a) throughout their history, the Hounds were unable to catch the coveted Denley and feast upon the stew. 

The teams second owner, [Durnovue St. Hattrick](#a), with the assistance of his team president [Rogger Van Booth](#a), revitalized the Hounds in the late-70's to early-80's, creating a whole new atmosphere using psychological techniques and crystal meth to condition their players to become nigh invincible in terms of physicality, pushing the team into relevance and making them a worthy adversary of the Roadrunners.

The Hounds won their first Denley Cup in 1996, when the underdog lineup including modern day Farm Star [Victor Trench](#a), Hall of Famer [John Ozols](#a), playoff maestro [Epping Konpecki](epping_konpecki), Hounds hero [Noel Wyndandyk](noel_wyndandyk) and then-rookie [Cleighton Diggs](#a) went all the way and sealed a victory against the [Portland Patriots](portland_patriots) in six games. 

The team is currently owned by all around suspicious man "Big Dog" [Johnny Cashew](#a), with [Mohammed Goswami](#a) as sitting team president. [Narinder Kumar](#a), former district manager of Goswami's business company "Intellesigns Inc.", was appointed General Manager of the team after [Lev Gibbert](lev_gibbert) was fired following the teams Round 1 loss to the [Flint Foxcatchers](#a) in 2020. [Jim McPherson](jim_mcpherson), of [Meaford](#a), is the current head coach. [Tristen Killeen](tristen_killeen) captains the team.