The **Kentucky Colonists** are a professional ice hockey team in the Farm Games. The Colonists were a product of the 1937 Expansion alongside teams like the [Cleveland Red Roosters](cleveland_red_roosters), [Kamloops Bohemians](#a), [Hamilton Hounds](hamilton_hounds) and [Brandon Jacks](brandon_jacks). The team was founded by Kentucky oil baron and rifle enthusiast [Pentucket Fetcher](#a), who envisioned an ultra-patriotic team that would take the mantle of "Team America" from the likes of the [Portland Patriots](portland_patriots). For several years, the Colonists reveled in failure, yet they surprisingly became the first expansion team to win a [Denley Cup](denley_cup) in 1951. This entrenched the team in Farm Games history, ultimately growing their popularity and heritage.

In the 1960's, the Colonists organization paid several thousands of dollars as funding to white supremacist groups fighting in the Civil Rights Movement. During the 60's and 70's, Colonists fandom became a safe space for white nationalists and neo-nazi's, making them the official "Racist Team" of the Farm Games. In the late 80's, the organization and the Fetcher estate was charged in international court for human rights violations. The team was made to pay $38.9 million in reparations, while the Fetcher's were stuck with $154.6 million. This bankrupted the Fetcher estate, causing them to sell the team to Kentucky Fried Chicken for $112 million. KFC reinvigorated the team, injecting millions of dollars into the hockey. This led to a spirited cup run wherein the Colonists won their third Denley Cup in 1995. The club kept their racist aesthetic however, flying confederate flags and holding Civil War reenactments during the summer in the arena. The team even wore camo once for Army Day.

The sitting president of the Kentucky Colonists is a man known only as [Phil the Racist](#a), a very polite man who supposedly holds very ill-informed and maligned views about minorities and apparently women. [Bob Dover](#a) serves as the General Manager, with [Tim Freeborn](#a) behind the bench as Head Coach. The team is captained by [Michael Kennedy](#a).

<br />