The **Lexington Racers** are a Farm Games ice hockey team, inducted into the league during the [Fifth Farm Games Expansion](#a) of 1981. The team was founded by equestrian and horsehead [Millieaux Smeglenssohn](#a), who put them up in his personal hockey stadium he called [Horse Time](#a). It is said Smeglenssohn formed the team out of spite for the [Fetcher Family](#a), who owned the [Kentucky Colonists](kentucky_colonists) and played out of Louisville. Rumor has it, [Coney Fetcher](#a)'s horse named Biscuits defeated Millieaux's prized black stallion El Negro in a horse race, and killed Millieaux's favourite pit bull fighting dog Mr. Mean by stuffing him in a pizza oven. The Racers and the Colonists have a spirited rivalry, one that started quickly upon Lexington's addition to the league, as Colonists players would do dastardly tricks such as throw hot oil on the Racers players and shoot them with BB guns from the bench, and slash their wrists with their sticks, and sucker punch them in the balls, and trip them and step on their ankles with their skates. This cultivated a rude atmosphere between the teams, and the two would be cross with each other anytime they met. Colonists fans took things to the extreme, as they are known to do, and would burn effigy's outside Racers fans homes and in some cases burned entire houses down in the name of their beloved Farm Games team. Such is the power of the Denley.

The constant bullying and pressure from games against the Colonists forced the team and organization to grow tough and sigma, so Smeglenssohn hired [Brute Gravedigger](#a) as the Team President in 1988, who proceeded to bring on General Manager [Billy Barrett](#a) and Head Coach [Muscle Skreemer](#a) with plans to whip the team into shape. This paid off in 1992 when the Racers went all the way and won the [Denley Cup](denley_cup) for the first and only time in their history. Players like [Templar Jazz](#a), [Mario Desjardins](#a), [Skinny Yoozer](#a), [Hetric Duchampagne](#a), [Falcone Trophy](#a) and [MacKenzie Cup](#a) winner [Kalipor Maneyarco](#a), and stud defensemen [Benjamin Crasseaux](#a), [Stooker Grace](#a) and a young [Dunsany Nils](#a), would all make history as members of the Racers, their names etched in gold on plaques beholding their honour all over Horse Time.

The franchise was put up for auction by the Farm Games after Smeglenssohn was arrested for plotting to assassinate a young Fetcher boy in 2002, where it was ultimately bought by Popeye's Louisiana Chicken, supposedly to spite their chicken rivals KFC who own the Colonists. Since being owned by Popeye's, the Racers have gone through several president's and general managers, with the landscape of the team changing drastically quite frequently. From 2006 until 2009 however, the Racers appeared to be in the running for the Denley, but due to instability in the organization, the deal was never sealed. Popeye's tried several other presidents and models, including a Popeye's store manager, [Pete Gorgi](#a), who was sent to manage and act as president for the team for the entire 2012 campaign until his store could be reopened after a sinkhole incident involving skinheads and masochists. In 2015, [Dick Resler](#a) was appointed Team President, and he brought on General Manager [Pete Larsgaard](pete_larsgaard), with a well thought-out blueprint to get the Racers back to their Denley Cup worthy stature, in a plan dubbed [The Racers Super Plan X](#a). The team has been through multiple coaches since 2015, including [Alfredo Jones](#a), [Joey DiCostis](#a) and [Rob Leonard](#a), and currently employs [Scott Stiglidsky](#a). [Jean Marc Desjardins](#a) serves as the captain.