**Matthew "Hatthew Honkin Stockman the Human Helicopter" Hawken** is a professional Canadian ice hockey defenseman playing in the Denley's Glorious Farm Games. He is the alternate captain for the [Portland Patriots](portland_patriots), the team he was drafted to in 2016. Hawk Man is a spirited quicktime event type defense man, consistently turning up the heat in the "danger zone" and keeping things spicy. Some have attempted to besmirch his name, calling him a trickster and/or bastard type player due to his constant use of the [Wet William Tactic](#a), although Hawken and his teammates vehemently deny this, saying:<blockquote>The Wet William Tactic is simply a part of playing the game. If you don't like it, get out of the Farm Games. I played through plenty of Wet Williams and spotty dodge creampies in my day, these soft players are trying to tell me they can't handle a little wet pinky fingerblasting their eardrum? Fucking [cancel culture](#a) has made fools of us all.</blockquote>- [Dominic Desjardins](#a), coach of the Portland Patriots

Hawkins is highly respected in the field of smoking, being included in the top percentile of [Most Smoking Farm Games Players](#a). He is self-styled as a bogie connoisseur, as he smokes John Player Rich. Hatthew Honkin Stockman generally generates most of his power from prolonged periods of no movement, called Clown Time, in which Hawk gathers several joules of energy through eating sweet chilli heat doritos with nacho cheese dip and drinking pesbi. This is what allows Hawken to perform at such peak capacity on the ice. He is known to fart plenty during games, due to the cheesy chips and dip. 

Matthew has been a staunch supporter of robot judge for years, advocating for the destruction of all roads and a return to a primitive lifestyle, except with robot judge and he gets ATV's and big cool guns. He is also well known for being a Mandalay Bay truther, claiming the presence of the H-word at the event raises skepticism about shooter Stephen Paddock's allegiances. Stockman also has a complicated and full-proof plan for defending the borders of Meaford, Ontario, in the event of some economic collapse or otherwise apocalyptical circumstance such as [Hog World](#a). He claims he would make [Sean Thompson](sean_thompson) the Admiral of the Navy in this plan, and would welcome him and his refugee's into the stronghold with open arms, no matter how many settlements they may have raided.